Readme and comments tidying (#191)
wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk: README.md

import { EvmContext } from "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-evm";
import { SolanaContext } from "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-solana";
import { AlgorandContext } from "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-algorand";

// Include the protocols you wish to use
import "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-evm-tokenbridge";
import "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-solana-tokenbridge";
import "@wormhole-foundation/connect-sdk-algorand-tokenbridge";

const network = "Mainnet"; // Or "Testnet"
const wh = new Wormhole(network, [EvmPlatform, SolanaPlatform, AlgorandPlatform]);

// Get a ChainContext object for a specific chain
// Useful to do things like get the rpc client, make Protocol clients,
// look up configuration parameters or  even parse addresses
const srcChain = wh.getChain("Ethereum");

srcChain.parseAddress("0xdeadbeef..."); // => NativeAddress<'Evm'>
await srcChain.getTokenBridge(); // => TokenBridge<'Evm'>
srcChain.getRpcClient(); // => RpcClient<'Evm'>
```

### Wormhole Transfer

While using the [ChainContext](#chain-context) and [Protocol](#protocols) clients directly is possible, to do things like transfer tokens, the SDK provides some helpful abstractions.

> The `Wormhole` interface provides a convenient abstraction to encapsulate the steps involved in a cross-chain transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WormholeTransfer` interface provides a convenient abstraction to encapsulate the steps involved in a cross-chain transfer.
```

The `WormholeTransfer` interface is different from the `Wormhole` class.

The ChainContext object is also responsible for holding a cached rpc client and protocol clients.

```ts
// Get the chain context for the source and destination chains
// This is useful to grab direct clients for the protocols
const srcChain = wh.getChain(senderAddress.chain);
const dstChain = wh.getChain(receiverAddress.chain);

srcChain.parseAddress("0xdeadbeef..."); // => NativeAddress<'Evm'>
await srcChain.getTokenBridge(); // => TokenBridge<'Evm'>
srcChain.getRpcClient(); // => RpcClient<'Evm'>
```

### Protocols

While Wormhole itself is a Generic Message Passing protocol, a number of protocols have been built on top of it to provide specific functionality.

#### Token Bridge

The most familiar protocol built on Wormhole is the Token Bridge.

Every chain has a `TokenBridge` protocol client that provides a consistent interface for interacting with the Token Bridge. This includes methods to generate the transactions required to transfer tokens, as well as methods to generate and redeem attestations.

> Using the `Wormhole` object's abstractions is the recommended way to interact with these protocols but it is possible to use them directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `WormholeTransfer` abstractions is the recommended way to interact with these protocols but it is possible to use them directly
```
